https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq6ZEh3RxkXf6i4N9ptQvVQ	Scammer Court
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4hBUWLNp4AVjJVeGRFVTQQ	Ismail Ali
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjUFbQZKsPjKl--rMN9-hfg	Jack Burton
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdFypR5fbIFjaA5csQpgVQg	IRS I reck scammers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6OiM1lBgwvhAXUEnCH383w	Heriberto Santiago
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC9EjyMN_hx5NdctLBx5X7w	Scammer Payback
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeGAOjbmKR9RF5UQ-_avVfw	The thousandth year Reich
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGs9QyaYUrptTGPuRydoN2Q	Al Dente: Rogue Scambaiter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChpKg7ITU5vuACiRBX0LE2g	Benevolent Panda
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBwawYCGrFNOy0-ry6_EhKQ	Harvey Dent
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6jhG0Kqz1rZUJhTYaX1jnw	CallCenter Scambaiting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClbqAkt8iELX_7zwSh-5spw	When A Scammer Calls
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRZUMCX8IkvRLjmfxFlxjMw	Dr. Fell
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSYTmcHvt7JUeOJi5w4igFA	Sina Aghily
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZuSJLH7BIbX_Nal96rv9ig	Scambait Sniper
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh2kzNlDQm40-XUewaVKJnw	Scam Burn
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaAtvpmtTiDDlWOcHTTIcYw	Kentucky Fried Scambaits
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgkJlsi4mMNT6Zj3AuUUB9w	Glaze
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGrFLZEh4RnJ3YwiAxuQThw	Scammer Jammer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnRg0nMSBkSBAel-d8xw7YA	Exposing Scammers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTX-RT-q5rgr-AX25jNkLDw	Wenja92
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV_w9-UYod7bPbazMW7Zp4A	Scambaiter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_b1bYSup-dHfwIoIXP0zPQ	Malcold Merlyn
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIMwTHVPjLAe3EsGulPjjjg	ShadowHunters Scambait
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo2q8J1DljVdyY6Fz-hnYgg	Scammers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp5UQ-SycPwaJ3cIqmT9V_A	Scammers Got Deleted
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMeuuFTFNdS8K5Ho-Wc3U6A	Boda Scambaits
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3VBN6P1nNzDlyvJsawRxfQ	CJ SCAMS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoWMjb_9yjsA4dC_kAszMVg	FunGuy Media
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClCtxJqGnSNi9dpmBw3fDBw	Scambait TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC--HUrJUyRkAiRBWLE5efZA	Scambaiting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYNTD2IYdWGz0VHRhMhJROA	Roy's Scambait Video
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4_k07eogBCSwImsZuJOGgA	Scambaiting With A Twist
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWpQycBnpPxyWY6bBhr4Rbw	More Kitboga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgmhcAFfPVx_AMSf89HGh_A	Kitboga Highlights
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUZb_t6bIRSwyUeEaU6e5xQ	Scammer Payback Live
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm22FAXZMw1BaWeFszZxUKw	Kitboga Show
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTX-RT-q5rgr-AX25jNkLDw	wenja92 Scam Detective
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCubGjvp8S8QC4uHlsycfTBw	Scamula Baiter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCca2961Ton2js_f9IDXK9Wg	Trilogy Media
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8pTniinc3bOaOd-1wuxKCA	Modder Paul Scambaits
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSl5Uxu2LyaoAoMMGp6oTJA	Atomic Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7oDhOJMYPMwRgX-Pi6KgSA	Take A glass of water Media
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4nbIeL4SVgoy6SXcxtWcHg	Skeleton Syskey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGeMIA7lZqFR1Y2N25qLaRQ	Scammers House
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBNG0osIBAprVcZZ3ic84vw	Jim Browning
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIXJzA7kudVtlKohNXIPrFQ	Dey O Club
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrp4hElpkBc9MGCbXL5Jmug	Dan Gleeballs Scambaiter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu0han9M-bdOvEEYKSXnzdw	Rinoa Poison
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI4Z5DO4gpzaMQsPxObUe4w	Pappa Monkey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN1kCFnNpm0QhOGGQAmEpEA	The TNA Hunter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnNlJNSRxa3PF8XrKHOEPug	The Hoax Hotel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ6Nbw5LAA3OtqEHXRsgK5w	Stonewulf
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_0osV_nf2b0sIbm4Wiw4RQ	IRL Rosie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTKTCy5UBdCqnGcj2f4Ozug	Jay Bee TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs6Ps3pOgvVlFnplsqrDGrg	Rezzoffsky
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7jtx_Dguzdt2Ii25I7x3vw	Joe Scambait
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvT_frc637JuhgS8EzjxMwA	Luke's Dawn House
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEzKnQU3lDZnI3NyXRTLEeg	ScamFlix
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPfVSpuA5ruD9H6JQ6ryVw	Scambait Naansense
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG7rhxDHGrb6dDDfId6nVNw	Silvertop Scambaiting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJIR0cQBNFmyVVgPD24HddQ	Mistress Scambait
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbMvpS2CQIi6ETRBjlGZUgQ	Techbaiter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPWc3At_WTr8nhC8MlrrqRg	Faker
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLZxPVkEvf9XuifStuHK_gA	Lewiss Tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkgfrQbSFSoEjY9ZWuw3Vcg	Scambaiter Central
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxqPJkvzyaa0FvXXKIAKSMA	Scammer Trolling
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkhTr4FqEAWRz2UecVsh4g	Leo Takacs // Scam Baiting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8xnxLVFQxgNp4IDK98FuEw	Ufo Pilot
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTuwHCydPPf6QIpxIBrussw	Scammer SlammerTV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC443_QEAYEuXIhujwAA-7Sg	drewie8897
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9fSWfUN88oUSNoxAlnArrA	Little Peace
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCthfE8nvrd5whNpWZDa9L9A	Alogical
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7J4GZImU6v52JrtmSKLrSA	Carol Slamming Scamming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHam5WgCtbxzExknx1taAeg	Woz99
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdqnywF51iyDfEYMmjqYT0g	Salty Dogg
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuM5ht-K3lt6p5EFkFOtvEA	Plushboyq Scambaits
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1FEcxhAp5f6O9UwmRX3ymw	plushboyq
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN_OYQY8_Xza7p5r5dK45eg	Rise Against Scammers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEF98UwHMahIDoxZdRojmbw	Nikki vs Scammers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy7NlKbN8lwJ9OISk7gEL_A	Big Frank ND
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4QMqJ1Jetya68tSJVx2-nA	The Alan Green Project
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC29B8c2p-_J0CcksR5qEtEg 	scam detector